pd: support multi cn after 8.4 (#19082)
pingcap/docs: enable-tls-between-components.md

### Verify component caller's identity

In general, the callee needs to verify the caller's identity using `Common Name`, in addition to verifying the key, the certificates, and the CA provided by the caller. For example, TiKV can only be accessed by TiDB, and other visitors are blocked even though they have legitimate certificates.

To verify the caller's identity for a component, you need to mark the certificate user identity using `Common Name` when generating the certificate, and check the caller's identity by configuring `cluster-verify-cn` (in TiDB) or `cert-allowed-cn` (in other components) for the callee.

> **Note:**
>

> > - Starting from v8.4.0, the PD configuration item `cert-allowed-cn` supports multiple values. You can configure multiple `Common Name` in the  `cluster-verify-cn` configuration item for TiDB and in the `cert-allowed-cn` configuration item for other components as needed. Note that TiUP uses a separate identifier when querying component status. For example, if the cluster name is `test`, TiUP uses `test-client` as the `Common Name`.
> > - For v8.3.0 and earlier versions, the PD configuration item `cert-allowed-cn` can only be set to a single value. Therefore, the `Common Name` of all authentication objects must be set to the same value. For related configuration examples, see [v8.3.0 documentation](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v8.3/enable-tls-between-components).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - Starting from v8.4.0, the PD configuration item `cert-allowed-cn` supports multiple values. You can configure multiple `Common Name` in the `cluster-verify-cn` configuration item for TiDB and in the `cert-allowed-cn` configuration item for other components as needed. Note that TiUP uses a separate identifier when querying component status. For example, if the cluster name is `test`, TiUP uses `test-client` as the `Common Name`.
> - For v8.3.0 and earlier versions, the PD configuration item `cert-allowed-cn` can only be set to a single value. Therefore, the `Common Name` of all authentication objects must be set to the same value. For related configuration examples, see [v8.3.0 documentation](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v8.3/enable-tls-between-components).
```

> The Common Name is used for caller verification. In general, the callee needs to verify the caller's identity, in addition to verifying the key, the certificates, and the CA provided by the caller. For example, TiKV can only be accessed by TiDB, and other visitors are blocked even though they have legitimate certificates.

Reviewer 2: reason: to match the Chinese doc https://github.com/pingcap/docs-cn/pull/18755/files

To verify component caller's identity, you need to mark the certificate user identity using `Common Name` when generating the certificate, and to check the caller's identity by configuring the `cluster-verify-cn` (for the TiDB component) or `cert-allowed-cn` (for other components) for the callee.

> **Note:**
>

> > After version 8.4, PD supports multiple `Common Name`. You can configure them in the cert-allowed-cn setting for each component as needed. It’s important to note that TiUP uses a distinct identifier when querying component statuses. For example, if the cluster name is `test`, it will use `test-client` as the Common Name.
> > For versions 8.3 and earlier, the `cert-allowed-cn` configuration item of the PD can only be set to one value. Therefore, the `Common Name` of all authentication objects must be set to the same value. Please refer to the v8.3.0 documentation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> - Starting from v8.4.0, the PD configuration item `cert-allowed-cn` supports multiple values. You can configure multiple `Common Name` in the  `cluster-verify-cn` configuration item for TiDB and in the `cert-allowed-cn` configuration item for other components as needed. Note that TiUP uses a separate identifier when querying component status. For example, if the cluster name is `test`, TiUP will use `test-client` as the `Common Name`.
> - For v8.3.0 and earlier versions, the PD configuration item `cert-allowed-cn` can only be set to a single value. Therefore, the `Common Name` of all authentication objects must be set to the same value. For related configuration examples, see [v8.3.0 documentation](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v8.3/enable-tls-between-components).
```
